Improve `Widget::widget()` (#72)
yiisoft/widget: CHANGELOG.md

# Yii Widget Change Log

## 2.0.0 under development

> - Chg #72: Change `Widget::widget()` result type to `static` (@vjik)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Chg #72: Change `Widget::widget()` result type hint to `static` (@vjik)
```

> - New #72: Add shortcut `Widget::construct()` for create widget by array definition that contain constructor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New #72: Add  `Widget::construct()` shortcut for creating widget by array definition that contains constructor
```
